DOCSUP-2956 system events show zero values setting (#16794)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

   └─────────────────────────┴─────────┘
```

## system_events_show_zero_values {system_events_show_zero_values}

> Includes all metrics, even with zero values. Used for monitoring metrics: `system.metrics`, `system.events` and `system.asyncronous_metrics`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows to select zero-valued events from `system.events`.

Some monitoring systems require passing all the metrics values to them for each checkpoint, even if the metric value is zero.
```

Reviewer: Also we need a link to `system.events`.

   └─────────────────────────┴─────────┘
```

> ## system_events_show_zero_values {system_events_show_zero_values}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## system_events_show_zero_values {#system_events_show_zero_values}
```
